# Camara DeviceStatus meeting - MOM-2023-07-19

*July 19th, 2023*

## Attendees

* Akos Hunyadi (Deutsche Telekom)
* Eric Murray (Vodafone)
* Fernando Prado Cabrillo (Telefonica)
* Joachim Dahlgreen (Ericsson)
* Ludovic Robert (Orange)
* Masaharu Hattori (KDDI)
* Mona Mokhber (Telefonica)
* Rafal Artych (Deutsche Telekom)


DeviceStatus minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Open issues 
* Open PRs
* API Roadmap
* AOB


## Open issues:

* [#57 Add documentation into API definition](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/issues/57)  
 [PR65](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/pull/65) is open.

* [#52 Harmonize device object with QoD API](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/issues/52)  
Has been fixed by [PR31](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/pull/31), the issue can be closed.

* [#34 New Endtype Connectivity](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/issues/34)   
No input from GSMA available. The PR can be created, based on the discussions.

* [#17 Subscription Mode with new Eventtypes](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/issues/17)  
[PR31](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/pull/31) is closed, the issue can be closed too.
  
## Open PRs
* [#65 Add documentation](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/pull/65)  
  The goal is to merge the PR by the end of CW29.

## API Roadmap
### Release 0.5.0
* July-August 2023
* [#65 Add documentation](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/pull/65)
* [~~#52 Harmonize device object with QoD API~~](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/issues/52)
* [~~#31 Adding notification/subscription for Device Status~~](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/pull/31)
* After [PR#65](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/pull/65) has been merged, the release can be created (Eric).

### Release 0.6.0
* September-Oktober 2023
* [#34 New Endtype Connectivity](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/issues/34)

## AOB

* New issue: How to handle mandatory and optional features of each API  
  * Definition of minimum implementation of a Camara API  
  * How can a provider inform the ASP/aggregator about not implemented features in advance of the API call?  
  * An issue in commonalities should be created  
* Next call will be on 02.08.2023 11:00 CET 

